that's true
Michael Banks with water I got three
bottles of water okay I got three
bottles so you can all right thank you
so much okay
and your ride with your children
sometimes right okay if you need to if
he's having trouble steering and maybe
you might have to pull hard but for the
most part you guys having a relaxing
right a couple spots on the trail where
they turn around because of the half
hour ride an hour ride and you'll be
passing those spots those will be the
most difficult parts on the route and
that's because they're usually they're
used to turning around and coming back
that'll be the only time you'll have a
real problem okay
and make it was too short before doing
it right like that heels down toes up
okay
okay so again how do you go that way the
other way go that way you pull them that
way
okay to stop him you pull back to your
belly button and say well to go forward
put your hand in front on the horn and
give him a little kick thank you
I seek another yeah came aha wow he's
done that falling will you move with us
the onions onion ways but on May August
a me having a deep came out yesterday
she be oh come on applause you look sick
of lady Ganga
oh hi she's quite high toasting on cake
okay good gives us any hi Jamie